Resources prototype (#853)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: docs/examples/basic_tracer/README.rst

Basic Trace
===========

These examples show how to use OpenTelemetry to create and export Spans.

There are two different examples:

* basic_trace: Shows how to configure a SpanProcessor and Exporter, and how to create a tracer and span.

> * resources: Shows how to add resource information to a Provider. Note that this must be run on a GCP instance.

Reviewer: if only GCE is supported right now, should this be changed to 
```suggestion
* resources: Shows how to add resource information to a Provider. Note that this must be run on a Google Compute Engine instance.
```

Author: Excellent suggestion

> The source files of these examples are available :scm_web:`here <docs/examples/basic_tracer/>`.

Reviewer 2: When I view the rich diff I see colons and backticks here, not the formatting you intend. Is that a limitation of GitHub, or do you need to format this differently?

Author: Seems these README files can't be viewed on Github, (similar thing happens here https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/tree/master/docs/examples/basic_meter) when I build the files locally it works so we should be good :)

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: sh

    pip install opentelemetry-api
    pip install opentelemetry-sdk

Run the Example
---------------

.. code-block:: sh

    python <example_name>.py

The output will be shown in the console.

Useful links
------------

- OpenTelemetry_

> - :doc:`../../api/trace`

Reviewer 2: same comment here about formatting

Author: Seems these README files can't be viewed on Github, (similar thing happens here https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/tree/master/docs/examples/basic_meter) when I build the files locally it works so we should be good :)
